703. More flexible cartridge pack artifact naming (#704)
tarantool/cartridge-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added

Author: Added

> - Ability to specificly set name of the bundle created by command pack.

Author: Fixed

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed

Author: Moved

> - Relaxed ``cartridge pack`` `--version` and `--suffix` verification,

Reviewer: To be honest, I'm not sure "relax" is the right word. "Untighten" or "loose" sounds more suitable.

Author: Changed

>   so it will issue a warning instead of error if unusual string is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  so it will log a warning instead of returning an error if a non-valid string is passed
  (in terms or RPM/DEB standards).
```

Author: Fixed

### Added

> - Ability to specificly set name of the bundle created ``cartridge pack``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to explicitly set a full name of the bundle created by ``cartridge pack``.
```

Author: Changed
